Now that we understand
how to make powerful content for our presentations,
we can discuss how to make the slides for our speech.
And so, welcome to act number four,
which is all about making your slides.
In this act, there's gonna be four different scenes.
In act four, scene one,
we're gonna to talk about
creating the slides and discussing what software to use.
In act four, scene two, we're gonna learn about
how to add and manipulate images.
It's really easy and a lot of fun.
In act four, scene three, we're gonna learn
how to add videos and other content.
And then in act four, scene number four, we're gonna discuss
case studies on how I made the slides
for 10 different speaking occasions
using many of the concepts and software products
that we discuss in this act.
And so the 10 case studies where I'll be giving
you all of the slides as attachments if applicable,
are as follows.
Case study number one, my TEDx talk slides.
Okay, I'm gonna give you an explanation
and the slides will be attached, okay?
We already talked about critiquing my TEDx talk
in the last section which was intermission,
so this time I'm just going to talk
about how to make the slides,
or how I made those slides from that presentation,
and I actually used a couple of different
software products, it wasn't just PowerPoint,
there are others, too, okay?
The other nine case studies are as follows.
And again, I'm gonna explain
how I made the slides if applicable
for these case studies later on in act number four.
So the other nine case studies are as follows.
Again, I'm gonna explain how to do it.
Case study number two is my introduction to
finance and accounting course.
And I use a lot of, I had a lot of fun with this,
I used PowToons and other cool products for it.
Case study number three is what finance job,
which was another one of my courses, here on Udemy,
and I'm gonna show you how I used Prezi
and a bunch of other cool applications to make that.
Very easy.
Case study number four is my foreign language MBA.
I translated one of my courses
into a lot of different languages.
I'm gonna show you the software I used
to make those presentation slides.
Case study number five,
I have a free course, please take it if you can, okay?
It's called My 40 Teaching Tips.
I'm gonna teach you how I made the promo for that.
It was a lot of fun.
I really liked it,
and that course, if you're interested in teaching online,
it's a free course,
and I discuss 40 mistakes I made, that sort of thing,
so you can,
again, work smarter not harder if you want to each online.
Okay, sorry.
And then case study number six is going to be
a presentation that I gave to a company.
Moving on to case number seven,
we're gonna talk about my venture capital conference,
I'm gonna talk about the slides,
and how I created them.
Then in case number eight, we're gonna talk about
making course images.
How do you make images for courses here on Udemy?
There's a bunch of software products that I use.
It's real easy, really fun.
You'll love it.
Case study number nine, I'll talk about how I made a promo
for one of my other courses.
And then, case study number 10,
we'll talk about just making videos,
for your presentation,
for a wedding or business speeches, etc.
It's a lot of fun.
And by this time you start act number five in this course,
you're gonna be armed with many innovative and powerful
and fun to use slide creation applications.
And we're gonna create an artistic masterpiece
with our slides,
and please enjoy the slide creation process
as we don't really get to be creative too often
in business.
Now, in terms of the what, why, and how of act number four,
we're gonna cover how to design and create
incredible slides, images, animations,
and additional presentation materials
for our presentations.
And I'm gonna expose you
to many different software products.
Many different ones, in order to help you kinda
make your amazing slides.
It's my job to give you a menu,
and you choose what you want to use.
Why are covering many types of applications,
aside from Powerpoint, Keynote, and Google Slides?
Because, I want you to be ready
to use another application
if you have to do something very innovative
that's not covered in those three aforementioned products,
Powerpoint, Keynote, and Google Slides.
And you might even want to use more than one
software application to create your slides,
which I do a lot,
and again, I'll give you plenty of examples.
Okay, so we talked about the what of this act.
So, how are we gonna do all of this?
Well, in each lesson of this act,
which is act four,
I'm gonna discuss important slides creation concepts,
and then I will discuss how
I made the slides for that particular lecture
immediately after each lecture,
in an optional how-to lesson per this image.
You can even download these slides
and play around with them
or just use some parts of them
to make your own presentations if you want to,
as I really want to help you work smarter and not harder.
And again, we will have a lesson on slide design concepts,
and then immediately after each one,
we're gonna have that optional,
how did we make these slides lesson.
And if all you're interested in is high level slide design,
and not how to make the slides using software,
then just skip the optional lessons as follows.
And the different presentation software applications
we're gonna discuss in the optional how to use lessons,
include the most recent versions of Powerpoint, Keynote,
Google Slides, PowToons,
Canva.com, Final Cut Pro X,
Haiku Deck, Piktochart,
Pixomaker, Paint, and Procreate,
and then Prezi as well,
and I know that's a lot,
but don't worry,
as I'm gonna make it really easy to understand,
and really easy to use these programs.
I also realize that some of you use Mac,
some of you use Windows,
some of you use Chromebooks,
and some of you use iPads that are tablets,
as a result, I'm gonna cover presentation software products
that will work on every single device.
So, Keynote, for example, only works on you know,
Apple related products, right.
So, if you don't have an Apple related product,
you won't use that one,
but I'm gonna give you plenty of other stuff you can use.
And, if you ever have any questions
about how any slides I made
or any feature that I don't talk about,
that are of interest to you,
then just please, ask me questions in this course.
Thank you.
Now, many people prefer to use just one application,
like Powerpoint or Keynote or Google Slides,
and that's cool.
All the power to you,
but I really want to humbly help you
and broaden your horizons and your exposure
to other types of software programs
that are fun to use,
and are awesome for presentations.
And I'm assuming that you have no background,
at all, using any of the software products, okay?
Good.
Now, you're gonna notice that we're skipping Photoshop.
This is controversial.
We're skipping it because it's not that easy to use,
and I speak for myself personally.
When you use Photoshop,
you have to deal with lots of layers and stuff,
and it's too complicated for me.
You know, I like to keep it simple, whatever, okay.
So, I'm gonna include all slides,
for this act, which is act four,
as attached resources, in every single lecture in this act,
as we discuss them.
And you can also go to the resources section in this course
and see all the attachments
for the course listed there.
And I just want to say
that I had a lot of fun creating this part of the course.
As you get to kinda, you know, be like an artist,
and you get to be creative,
and I'm gonna use many different styles of slides,
and you can just pick whatever style you like the best.
Now, in the next lecture, meaning right after this one,
which is one of the optional how-to lectures,
we're gonna discuss how we made this particular lecture
using only Powerpoint and nothing else.
And then after that additional, optional lecture,
we're gonna discuss the high level differences between all
of the many software applications I mentioned
in this lecture,
and I hope you enjoy it
as much as I have enjoyed putting it all together.
I find that when you have fun,
and you know, pay a lot of attention to detail,
and you're somewhat creative,
then the quality of your work
goes up a lot,
and you tend to deliver your presentation,
with much more passion.
So, we're gonna cover delivery again in act number six,
but for now, let's enjoy the entertaining process
of making our slides together.
Thank you.